\input texinfo
@c -*-texinfo-*-
@settitle rdxmk 0.10
@setfilename rdxmk.info

@dircategory Emacs
@direntry
* rdxmk: (rdxmk).       A small set of tools for redox development in Gnu Emacs
@end direntry

@copying
This manual is for rdxmk, version 0.10.
Copyright @copyright{} 2017 J. Salzberg.

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts.  A copy of the license is included in the section entitled

``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying


@titlepage
@title rdxmk 
@author J. Salzberg 


@c  
@c  
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying


Published by J. Salzberg.
@end titlepage

@c
@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top rdxmk 0.10

This manual is for rdxmk, version 0.10.
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Make and Cookbook:: Building redox from emacs.
* Redox mode:: A minor mode.
* GNU Free Documentation License::
@end menu

@node Make and Cookbook 
@chapter Make and Cookbook

@pindex Make and Cookbook
@cindex Make and Cookbook

Run @command{M-x rdxmk-make-narg RET} to go up to the root makefile and run make without arguments, @command{M-x rdxmk-make-warg RET} to go up to the root makefile and run make with the specified arguments, @command{M-x rdxmk-make-qemu RET} to go up to the root makefile and run make qemu, and @command{M-x rdxmk-cookbook RET} to run cookbook with the specified package and options. All of these can be run from a buffer on a file anywhere in the redox project, as long as the root redox project has not been renamed and as long as you haven't manually @command{cd}d to another file.


@node Redox mode
@chapter Redox mode

@pindex Redox Mode
@cindex Redox mode

A minor mode run whenever a text file is opened inside a redox project. You can flip it on and off manually, but I don't see any uses for that. This currently exists for two reasons: firstly to give people an option to conditionally stop emacs from messing up the redox build system, and secondly so there is a hook for people to do cool stuff with.

For the first purpose, do @command{M-x customize-group RET rdxmk RET} and set lockfile no pollute to non-nil. Now whenever you open a file in redox, it wont insert backups and auto-saves everywhere. However, it does not set create-lockfiles to nil, because that is a variable that should be changed using customize (@command{M-x customize-group RET files RET}). If create lockfiles is non nil, and you have set lockfile no pollute to non nil, it will display a message at the bottom of the screen to remind you to turn it off. I'd reccomend just setting it for the current session, as lockfiles are nice for other projects. 

Perhaps you could use rdxmk-redox-mode to bind keys for using the make/build stuff, but no keys are bound so as to not conflict with anyone else's setups.

@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License

@include fdl-1.3.texi


@bye

